their musical talent is matched by the
rich visuals welcome to watchmojo.com
and today we'll be taking a look at the
history of Daft Punk Daft Punk formed in
the early 1990s when French musicians
Emmanuel de homem-christo and Thomas
Bangalter disbanded their rock trio
darlin in favor of pursuing another
project with a more electronic sound in
1993 the two artists presented a demo to
Scottish techno label soma records not
long after the pair released its first
single the new wave in 1994 their first
commercially successful single came just
a year later the funk was an all
instrumental track originally released
in 1995 and re-released the following
year as a single by the band's new label
Virgin Records this 96 re-release was
accompanied by a spike jonze directed
music video Daft Punk's debut record was
1997's homework combining techno house
and rave elements the album was
extremely influential to the 1990s dance
music scene it also spawned the
extremely successful single around the
world and a music video directed by
michel gondry a collection featuring all
of homeworks legendary music videos
called da ft a story about dogs androids
firemen and tomatoes was released in
1999 though the group had previously
performed without costumes they started
wearing masks during their homework
shows for press appearances they had
their faces digitally concealed or
substituted by animation the group's
sophomore effort was 2001 s discovery
this record sound featured a more disco
and synth pop infused style than their
debut and sampled songs from 70s and 80s
the high charting album also generated
several successful singles such as face
to face harder better faster stronger
hashtag
and the cult hit one more time that same
year Daft Punk's first live album alive
1997 was released Daft Punk's popularity
rose throughout the discovery years it
was also during this period that the
band changed their look at their shows
and rare press appearances they don
futuristic robot suits and even wore LED
enhanced helmets in advertising
campaigns in 2003 the musical film
interstella 5555 the story of the secret
star system was released and it
contained a japanese animated episode
for each song on the discovery album
centering on the rescue of a kidnapped
alien band the film was co-produced by
Daft Punk themselves and supervised by
manga artist Leiji Matsumoto a remix
album entitled Daft club also came out
in 2003 2005 saw the release of album
number 3 human after all this time the
duo added components of rock and
minimalism to their sound which garnered
mixed reviews nonetheless the album was
nominated for a Grammy and produced
singles such as robot rock and
technological that punk went through
another costume change with the release
of human after all their simplified
outfits were made up of black leather
jackets and pants and maintained
headgear similar to that of the
discovery era the duo kept busy in 2006
with the release of the remix album
human after all remixes and a collection
of songs and videos called music volume
iron 1993 to 2005 they also played
several shows including their first US
performance in almost a decade at the
coachella valley music and arts festival
2006 was also the year they made their
directorial debut with the film premiere
of Daft Punk's electroma
in 2007 Daft Punk embarked on the alive
2007 world tour where they headlined
several major festivals as well as
several sold out Australian dates their
grammy-winning live album alive 2007
also came out that year then in 2008
that punk had their first televised live
performance at the 50th annual Grammy
Awards when they performed a single
stronger with rapper Kanye West Daft
Punk then returned to the studio to work
on new material in 2009 they composed
the score for Tron Legacy a movie in
which they would make a cameo both the
soundtrack and the film were released in
December 2010 with their blend of
electro techno disco and pop Daft Punk
brought house music to the mainstream
combined with their mysterious image
explosive live performances and
memorable music videos these French
musicians are sure to keep dance floors
hopping well into the future